Lesson one step one.

				First we will learn how to enter a product by its UPC code when it won't scan.

				Find the barcode on the product.
				Use the number pad to enter the UPC found on the barcode.
				Press the Enter button to complete the lookup.
				If the product is not found, press the C button to try again.


Lesson ONE step TWO.

				Great Work!
				Wild Good Ice Cream was added to your order.
				lets try another one!
				Same as last time, use the number pad to enter the UPC and press enter.
				If the product is not found, click the ${spanC} button to clear your screen and try again.

Lesson ONE step TWO fail

				Oops!
				The UPC you entered was not found.
				Lets try again!
				But remember, when the center digits do not work, include the leading digit.
				First, click the c button to clear that Not Found box.
				After it's gone, use the number pad to enter the UPC and click Enter.

Lesson ONE step THREE

				Great Work!
				Applesauce was added to your order.
				Remember,
				If the center digits do not work, try it again with the leading number.
				There are times when both methods will result in a Not Found error box.
				In this case, you will need to ask your supervisor for help.
				Press the Continue button to proceed to the next lesson.


Lesson TWO step ONE

				Now we will learn how to enter a product with a scale label.
				
				This is a Meat, Seafood, or Deli product that has a random weight.
				In order to enter this UPC,
				you need to enter in all but the last digit and click Enter.
				Give it a try with the UPC in the above picture.
				<strong>If you get a Not Found error box, click C and try again.

Lesson TWO step TWO

OLD
Great work!.
Ground Beef for $3.73 was added to the order.
Look closely at the last digits of this UPC, notice anything similar?
If you exclude the very last digit, the final numbers are the price of the item!
Now that we can identify a scale label, we know when to skip the last digit.
Click the spanContinue button to proceed.

NEW
Well done!
We have added Ground Beef to the order for $3.73.
Observe the last digits of the UPC closely, do you see any similarities?
If you omit the last digit, the remaining digits represent the price of the product!
Now that we can recognize a scale label, we know when to exclude the final digit.
Click on the "Continue" button to move forward.

Lesson TWO step THREE
runLessons(lessons.lessonTwo.lessonTwoStepThree)
OLD
Are you ready?
Why are we keying in items that should normally scan?
Practice!
Because sooner or later you will encounter items like this:
Now that we know how to enter these UPC's, we are ready!
Try it now! Remember, if you get a Not Found error box, click C and try again.

NEW

Are you prepared?
Why are we manually entering items that are usually scanned?
It's all for practice!
Because eventually, you will come across products like this:
Now that we are familiar with the process of entering these UPCs, this should be easy.
Give it a try now! And remember, if you see a Not Found error message, click on C to try again.


runLessons(lessons.lessonTwo.lessonTwoStepFour)


OLD


Wonderful Job!
GNG DW Cheese for $6.74 is now added to the order.
Remember, scale labels are used for random weight items and they can be from the Meat, Seafood, or Deli.
Don't forget to skip the last digit when entering the UPC.
Click the continue button to proceed to the next lesson.

NEW


Excellent work!
We have successfully added Deli cheese for $6.74 to the order.
Please keep in mind that scale labels are utilized for products with unpredictable weights and they can belong to the Meat, Seafood, or Deli category.
Remember to exclude the last digit when entering the UPC.
Click on the Continue button to proceed to the next lesson.


runLessons(lessons.lessonThree.lessonThreeStepOne)


OLD

Meat products over $99.99.
Now that you are familer with scale labels for random weight products, we will look at very expense products from the Meat Department.
In-store department scales are unable to print a barcode if the price of the item is $100.00 or more.
See how this label has no barcode to scan?
This is because the price is $140.14, which exceeds the limit for our scales.
We will need tofind the 3 digit PLU that is located in the description and type it into the register to perform a lookup.
Confused? Press Continue to for a little more information.

NEW

Meat items priced over $99.99 can be challenging to process.
Now that you have learned about scale labels for random weight products, we will take a look at very expensive Meat Department items.
If the price of an item is $100.00 or higher, the in-store department scales cannot generate a barcode.
Observe how this label does not contain a barcode to scan?
This is because the price of the product is $140.14, which surpasses the limit for our scales.
We must locate the 3-digit PLU code provided in the description and enter it into the register for a lookup.
Confused? Press the continue button, and we'll walk you through the process.